CS1699 - Software Testing
Spring Semester 2014

Deliverable 3
Assigned 24 FEBRUARY 2014
Due 17 MAR 2014

For this assignment, your group will write systems tests (aka acceptance or integration tests) using the BDD model discussed in class.  That is, you will write user stories (features) and scenarios in Gherkin (or a similar language, if you prefer), and the step definitions in the language of your project.

Tests and code should be on Github or another publicly accessible repository.  Code sent in via email will receive a 10% penalty.

Format:
Every group should have a title page with:
The name of the project under test
The names of the people in the group
The title CS1699 - DELIVERABLE 3: Systems Testing with BDD

First, include a short summary (a few paragraphs) of what you decided to test, and why.

Secondly, add a description of issues you faced when writing these tests and problems you would expect going forward based on your experiences.  If any tests you wrote fail, they should be included here.  Also note if there are any special steps to get the tests running.

At the end of this section, note where your code (test code and code of project under test) is located.

There is no need to print out the code.  It should be put on a publicly-available site such as Github BY THE BEGINNING OF CLASS.

There shall be AT LEAST 3 user stories per assignment (no matter how many people per group), but there can be more.  Each user story should have multiple (at least two) scenarios.

There shall be at least 5 * (number of people on a group) scenarios.

User stories should all follow the Connextra template.

Scenarios should all follow the Given/When/Then template (but note that some scenarios may not require a Given).

Remember that scenarios are FEATURE-level tests; they should discuss things in a way that an intelligent but non-technical user of the software would understand.  Remember the differences between scenario tests and specification/unit tests!

Grading:
Summary - 10%
Testing concerns - 10% 
User Stories and Scenarios, written in Gherkin - 40%
Step Definitions - 40%

Reminder that all code (project under test AND test code) should be publicly available, or at least available to me.

Please feel free to email me at bill@billlaboon.com or come to office hours to discuss any problems you have. 

 
